README.md, before:

!["The Evolution of Trust"](https://i.imgur.com/kde760y.png)

#	PLAY IT HERE: [http://ncase.me/trust/](http://ncase.me/trust/)

*The Evolution of Trust* is dedicated to the public domain, and is made thanks to the many Creative Commons & open source resources out there! Here is a full list of music, sounds, and code used:

**Music:** "Bleu" by Komiku (CC Zero). [Download their full album on Free Music Archive](http://freemusicarchive.org/music/Komiku/Its_time_for_adventure_/)

**Sound Effects:**

* [Coin insert](https://freesound.org/people/bassmosphere/sounds/384700/) by bassmosphere (CC Zero)
* [Coin get!](https://freesound.org/people/plasterbrain/sounds/242857/) by plasterbrain (CC Zero)
* [Evil Laugh](https://freesound.org/people/JohnsonBrandEditing/sounds/173933/) by JohnsonBrandEditing (CC Zero)
* [Slot machine](https://freesound.org/people/lukaso/sounds/69689/) by lukaso (CC Sampling+)
* [Drumroll](https://freesound.org/people/adriann/sounds/191718/) by adriann (CC Zero)
* [click plink pop boop bonk](https://freesound.org/people/Owdeo/sounds/116653/) by Owdeo (CC BY-NC)
* [Swoosh](https://freesound.org/people/aglinder/sounds/264468/) by aglinder (CC Zero)
* [Squeaky Toy](https://freesound.org/people/survivalzombie/sounds/240015/) by survivalzombie (CC Zero)
* [Thump](https://freesound.org/people/Brokenphono/sounds/344149/) by Brokenphono (CC Zero)
* [Fart](https://freesound.org/people/DSISStudios/sounds/241000/) by DSISStudios (CC Zero)

**Open Source Libraries:**

* [PIXI.js](http://www.pixijs.com/) for rendering graphics
* [Howler.js](https://howlerjs.com/) for the audio
* [Tween.js](http://www.createjs.com/tweenjs) for tweening animation
* [Balloon.css](https://kazzkiq.github.io/balloon.css/) for pop-up tooltips
* [Q](https://github.com/kriskowal/q/) for promises
* [MinPubSub](https://github.com/daniellmb/MinPubSub) for publish/subscribe
* [Pegasus](https://github.com/typicode/pegasus) for me being too lazy to write my own XHR

**Font:** [Futura Handwritten](http://www.dafont.com/futurahandwritten.font) by Bill Snyder

#	How-To: Translate this thang!

**[NOTE: Before you decide to make a translation, check the "Issues" tab to see if someone else is already working on it! Maybe you can collaborate. And if no one else is, please create a new Issue in this repo so that others know you're working on it!]**

Translations done so far:
[Chinese](http://sekai.co/trust/),
[Chinese (Taiwan)](https://audreyt.github.io/trust-zh-TW/),
[Brazilian Portuguese](https://brunolemos.github.io/trust/),
[French](https://ayowel.github.io/trust/),
[Spain Spanish](https://ccamara.github.io/trust/),
[Russian](https://likzet.github.io/trust/),
[German](https://jkoelling.github.io/trust/),
[Italian](https://lvdt.github.io/trust/),
[Turkish](https://osaatcioglu.github.io/trust)

**Step 1)** Fork or download this repo    
(if you're forking it, be sure to make sure *your* repo is on a branch called `gh-pages`, so that GitHub can automatically generate a webpage for it!)

**Step 2)** Translate the following files:

`index.html` -- The title & social sharing text (a few words)    
`words.html` -- All the words for the interactive itself (~3,300 words)    
(optional) `notes/index.html` -- The footnotes (~1,100 words)    
(optional) `peeps/index.html` -- The full credits (a few words)

**Step 3)** Remember to test your translation! You can test things locally using [http-server](https://www.npmjs.com/package/http-server) or [MAMP](https://www.mamp.info/en/).

**Step 4)** Email me with a link to your forked repo / the translated files, at `N {{at}} NCASE {{dot}} ME` There may be a few things here and there we need to fix! (also, if you run into any issues, please email me as well! I may take a while to respond since I'm away the next couple weeks)

**Step 5)** Wait for me to stop being busy and/or lazy and actually link your translated version from the main English version

**Step 6)** Party! 🎉

#	"LICENSE"

[Creative Commons Zero](https://github.com/ncase/trust/blob/gh-pages/LICENSE): it's a public domain dedication, so basically, do whatever you want! Attribution is super appreciated, but I'm not gonna send legal goons after you or anything.

Commit message:

readme now says that this is the German translation

README.md, after:

This is the German translation of Nicky Case's phenomenal *explorable explanation* "The Evolution of Trust".

You can [play it at here](https://jkoelling.github.io/trust/). It's also linked from the original English version. 

Please open an issue if you find an error with the translation or if text overlaps other elements of the user interface. All other issues belong [upstream](https://github.com/ncase/trust).

---

!["The Evolution of Trust"](https://i.imgur.com/kde760y.png)

#	PLAY IT HERE: [http://ncase.me/trust/](http://ncase.me/trust/)

*The Evolution of Trust* is dedicated to the public domain, and is made thanks to the many Creative Commons & open source resources out there! Here is a full list of music, sounds, and code used:

**Music:** "Bleu" by Komiku (CC Zero). [Download their full album on Free Music Archive](http://freemusicarchive.org/music/Komiku/Its_time_for_adventure_/)

**Sound Effects:**

* [Coin insert](https://freesound.org/people/bassmosphere/sounds/384700/) by bassmosphere (CC Zero)
* [Coin get!](https://freesound.org/people/plasterbrain/sounds/242857/) by plasterbrain (CC Zero)
* [Evil Laugh](https://freesound.org/people/JohnsonBrandEditing/sounds/173933/) by JohnsonBrandEditing (CC Zero)
* [Slot machine](https://freesound.org/people/lukaso/sounds/69689/) by lukaso (CC Sampling+)
* [Drumroll](https://freesound.org/people/adriann/sounds/191718/) by adriann (CC Zero)
* [click plink pop boop bonk](https://freesound.org/people/Owdeo/sounds/116653/) by Owdeo (CC BY-NC)
* [Swoosh](https://freesound.org/people/aglinder/sounds/264468/) by aglinder (CC Zero)
* [Squeaky Toy](https://freesound.org/people/survivalzombie/sounds/240015/) by survivalzombie (CC Zero)
* [Thump](https://freesound.org/people/Brokenphono/sounds/344149/) by Brokenphono (CC Zero)
* [Fart](https://freesound.org/people/DSISStudios/sounds/241000/) by DSISStudios (CC Zero)

**Open Source Libraries:**

* [PIXI.js](http://www.pixijs.com/) for rendering graphics
* [Howler.js](https://howlerjs.com/) for the audio
* [Tween.js](http://www.createjs.com/tweenjs) for tweening animation
* [Balloon.css](https://kazzkiq.github.io/balloon.css/) for pop-up tooltips
* [Q](https://github.com/kriskowal/q/) for promises
* [MinPubSub](https://github.com/daniellmb/MinPubSub) for publish/subscribe
* [Pegasus](https://github.com/typicode/pegasus) for me being too lazy to write my own XHR

**Font:** [Futura Handwritten](http://www.dafont.com/futurahandwritten.font) by Bill Snyder

#	How-To: Translate this thang!

**[NOTE: Before you decide to make a translation, check the "Issues" tab to see if someone else is already working on it! Maybe you can collaborate. And if no one else is, please create a new Issue in this repo so that others know you're working on it!]**

Translations done so far:
[Chinese](http://sekai.co/trust/),
[Chinese (Taiwan)](https://audreyt.github.io/trust-zh-TW/),
[Brazilian Portuguese](https://brunolemos.github.io/trust/),
[French](https://ayowel.github.io/trust/),
[Spain Spanish](https://ccamara.github.io/trust/),
[Russian](https://likzet.github.io/trust/),
[German](https://jkoelling.github.io/trust/),
[Italian](https://lvdt.github.io/trust/),
[Turkish](https://osaatcioglu.github.io/trust)

**Step 1)** Fork or download this repo    
(if you're forking it, be sure to make sure *your* repo is on a branch called `gh-pages`, so that GitHub can automatically generate a webpage for it!)

**Step 2)** Translate the following files:

`index.html` -- The title & social sharing text (a few words)    
`words.html` -- All the words for the interactive itself (~3,300 words)    
(optional) `notes/index.html` -- The footnotes (~1,100 words)    
(optional) `peeps/index.html` -- The full credits (a few words)

**Step 3)** Remember to test your translation! You can test things locally using [http-server](https://www.npmjs.com/package/http-server) or [MAMP](https://www.mamp.info/en/).

**Step 4)** Email me with a link to your forked repo / the translated files, at `N {{at}} NCASE {{dot}} ME` There may be a few things here and there we need to fix! (also, if you run into any issues, please email me as well! I may take a while to respond since I'm away the next couple weeks)

**Step 5)** Wait for me to stop being busy and/or lazy and actually link your translated version from the main English version

**Step 6)** Party! 🎉

#	"LICENSE"

[Creative Commons Zero](https://github.com/ncase/trust/blob/gh-pages/LICENSE): it's a public domain dedication, so basically, do whatever you want! Attribution is super appreciated, but I'm not gonna send legal goons after you or anything.
